I have just said the tear no we'll take
the we'll take the punishment if it's
given for it and you know I've told them
an address from account it's not
acceptable and I won't accept it as a
manager that he does that how many more
questions you want to ask me some might
have come in here and had behind it and
said sorry they didn't see it so thanks
and that's why what I don't want to give
you is two full pages of it so what I'm
saying is I've answered it straight and
as honestly as I possibly can yeah and
we should have made it to know just
before half-time Leanne Iseman Mercy's a
great chance but I've never done control
the game today which we have been in
other games even even when were one no
didn't feel that we're really we didn't
really get into rhythm in the whole game
and obviously you know we should off we
should have done better but the goal the
goal keeper she received it and what's
talked deservedly get back in it because
it was under a lot of pressure and maybe
a little bit fortunate maybe that they
didn't score a second but I think that
we either be chance rate at the end
maybe - Nick - Steven Pino so I'm not
disappointed by the point but I'm not
over ecstatic with her either
yeah that's right that's yeah a good
record and I thought I thought maybe it
was going to be oh dude we got the goal
and then when I was he gives a chance to
make it to I thought well maybe maybe
this may just be LD but wasn't to be
yeah I would probably see it in my mind
it may have been a purist will point
this year but it tells the story that
I'm disappointed that I'm common extort
and run one each but I think you've told
the whole we played football and the
stale we play and it was probably the
least effective would be nothing this
season